packetstream/README.md, before:

# Welcome

Become A Packeter, Share your Bandwidth:$0.10/GB. Packeters share their un-utilized bandwidth with the PacketStream network and get paid for participating. The PacketStream service measures the amount of bandwidth shared and credits your account accordingly.

## Requirements

Signup first here > https://packetstream.io
Login to your dashboard and click on Download (https://packetstream.io/dashboard/download)
In the Linux command you will see : "CID=XXXX".  Copy this and paste into the SDL.

## Provider limitations

Many websites use IP lookup databases to determine a visitor's geolocation and whether the request is from a residential or datacenter IP. If traffic is determined to be from a restricted region or from a non-residential IP address, content is often blocked or restricted. In some cases access is allowed but deceiving information is returned to datacenter IP addresses to limit the effectiveness of automated access and scraping. PacketStream allows customers to relay their web requests through residential IP addresses to avoid these restrictions.

## Is all communication between relays secure?

A proxy client making HTTPS requests to an endpoint first initiates a TLS handshake that negotiates encryption keys directly with the endpoint server before any data is transmitted. The decryption key is never transmitted across the network and cannot be obtained by any Packeter relaying data in the middle. It's considered best practice to avoid relaying sensitive data to endpoints that don't support secure requests.

## Technology

PacketStream's multi-hop proxy tunnel enables businesses automation tooling to access more reliable data and unlock geolocation-restricted content.

Commit message:

Add Readme Info and cleanup SDL

packetstream/README.md, after:

# Residential Proxy Network

![](https://github.com/ovrclk/awesome-akash/raw/packetstream/packetstream/packetstream.png)

Become A Packeter, Share your Bandwidth: $0.10/GB. Packeters share their un-utilized bandwidth with the PacketStream network and get paid for participating. The PacketStream service measures the amount of bandwidth shared and credits your account accordingly.

# How to?

1.  Sign up on https://packetstream.io
2.  Login to your dashboard and click on Download (https://packetstream.io/dashboard/download)
3.  In the Linux command you will see : `CID=XXX` Copy this code.
4.  Click Deploy and paste your CID into the `"REPLACE_ME"` field.
5.  After a succesful deployment check "My network" tab in the Packetstream dashboard.
6.  Share your referral code and recommend Akash to friends!

# Payment Rates : September 2022

$0.10/GB

# Provider limitations

Many websites use IP lookup databases to determine a visitor's geolocation and whether the request is from a residential or datacenter IP. If traffic is determined to be from a restricted region or from a non-residential IP address, content is often blocked or restricted. In some cases access is allowed but deceiving information is returned to datacenter IP addresses to limit the effectiveness of automated access and scraping. PacketStream allows customers to relay their web requests through residential IP addresses to avoid these restrictions.

# Is all communication between relays secure?

A proxy client making HTTPS requests to an endpoint first initiates a TLS handshake that negotiates encryption keys directly with the endpoint server before any data is transmitted. The decryption key is never transmitted across the network and cannot be obtained by any Packeter relaying data in the middle. It's considered best practice to avoid relaying sensitive data to endpoints that don't support secure requests.

# Technology

PacketStream's multi-hop proxy tunnel enables businesses automation tooling to access more reliable data and unlock geolocation-restricted content.

# More info
Share Akash with the Packetstream community!
https://twitter.com/packetstreamio

FAQ
https://packetstream.io/support/faq
