webtop/README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23629420/219872517-2adc32b1-5f64-4d48-9a81-1e2ef6b01a53.png" width=90% </p>

<div align=center>

| [Twitter Decloud Nodes Lab](https://twitter.com/NodesLab) |
|:--:|

| [Discord Akash](https://discord.akash.network/) | [Telegram Akash EN](https://t.me/AkashNW) |  [Twitter Akash](https://twitter.com/akashnet_)| [Cloudmos Guide](https://github.com/DecloudNodesLab/Guides/blob/main/English/Cloudmos.md)
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|



# Webtop on Akash Network

</div>

___

Open [WEB interface](https://deploy.cloudmos.io/) `Cloudmos`.

Make sure you have **more than 6 AKT** on your balance and **certificate present** (if not, refer to [Cloudmos instructions](https://github.com/DecloudNodesLab/Guides/blob/main/English/Cloudmos.md)).<br/> Next, press the `DEPLOY` button, select the empty `Empty` template and copy the content of [deploy.yml](https://github.com/DecloudNodesLab/Projects/blob/main/Software/Webtop/deploy.yml).

___

`Webtop` - **Alpine**, **Ubuntu**, **Fedora**, and **Arch** based containers containing full desktop environments in officially supported flavors accessible via any modern web browser.

Supported Architectures
We utilise the docker manifest for multi-platform awareness. More information is available from docker here and our announcement here.

Simply pulling lscr.io/linuxserver/webtop:latest should retrieve the correct image for your arch, but you can also pull specific arch images via tags.

### Version Tags

This image provides various versions that are available via tags. Please read the descriptions carefully and exercise caution when using unstable or development tags.

<div align=center>
  
| Tag |	Available	| Description|
| :-----: | :-----: |  :-----: |   
|`latest`|✅| XFCE Alpine |
|`ubuntu-xfce`|	✅|	XFCE Ubuntu |
|`fedora-xfce`|	✅|	XFCE Fedora |
|`arch-xfce`|	✅|	XFCE Arch |
|`alpine-kde`|	✅|	KDE Alpine |
|`ubuntu-kde`|	✅|	KDE Ubuntu |
|`fedora-kde`|	✅	|KDE Fedora |
|`arch-kde`|	✅	|KDE Arch <br/>
|`alpine-mate`|	✅	|MATE Alpine <br/>
|`ubuntu-mate`|	✅|	MATE Ubuntu <br/>
|`fedora-mate`|	✅|	MATE Fedora <br/>
|`arch-mate`|	✅|	MATE Arch <br/>
|`alpine-i3`|	✅|	i3 Alpine <br/>
|`ubuntu-i3`|	✅	|i3 Ubuntu <br/>
|`fedora-i3`|	✅	|i3 Fedora <br/>
|`arch-i3`|	✅	|i3 Arch <br/>
|`alpine-openbox`|	✅|	Openbox Alpine <br/>
|`ubuntu-openbox`|	✅|	Openbox Ubuntu <br/>
|`fedora-openbox`|	✅|	Openbox Fedora <br/>
|`arch-openbox`|	✅|	Openbox Arch <br/>
|`alpine-icewm`|	✅|	IceWM Alpine <br/>
|`ubuntu-icewm`|	✅|	IceWM Ubuntu <br/>
|`fedora-icewm`|	✅|	IceWM Fedora <br/>
|`arch-icewm`|	✅|	IceWM Arch <br/> 

</div>

A detailed description of the contents of the image, its variables and settings is available at:<br/>
https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/webtop

___

Thank you for using **Akash Network**!

Commit message:

AUTOMATIC1111 & Polkadot (#385)
* Update deploy.yml

SDL adjustment

* Create deploy.yml

* Update deploy.yml

* Update deploy.yml

* Create deploy.yml

* Update deploy.yml

* Update deploy.yml

* Create README.md

* add Kadena node on Akash

* Update deploy.yml

* Delete Arbitrum directory

* Update main.sh

* Update main.sh

* Update deploy.yml

Add expose ports and comments

* Update main.sh

* Update main.sh

* Update main.sh

* Update main.sh

* Update deploy.yml

* Update main.sh

* Update main.sh

* Update main.sh

* Update main.sh

* Update main.sh

* Update deploy.yml

* Create deploy.yml

* Create README.md

* Update deploy.yml

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update deploy.yml

* Update deploy.yml

* Update deploy.yml

* Update deploy.yml

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Rename Arbitrum/README.md to arbitrum/README.md

* Rename Arbitrum/deploy.yml to arbitrum/deploy.yml

* Update deploy.yml

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update deploy.yml

* Update deploy.yml

* Create deploy.yaml

* Add files via upload

* Update deploy.yaml

* Update deploy.yaml

* Create README.md

* Update README.md

* Update Dockerfile

* Update entrypoint.sh

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Create deploy.yaml

PR https://github.com/akash-network/awesome-akash/pull/266
The user did not finish the job, updated it with deploy.

* Create README.md

* Update README.md

* Delete arbitrum directory

webtop/README.md, after:

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/7d65c5b3-1027-4008-9899-0911c8ed8552)


| [Twitter Decloud Nodes Lab](https://twitter.com/NodesLab) |
|:--:|
  
| [Delegate AKT](https://restake.app/akash/akashvaloper1ax4c40gn3s74xxm75g6cmts3fw7rq64gq0kaj4) | [Delegate DVPN](https://restake.app/sentinel/sentvaloper1ax4c40gn3s74xxm75g6cmts3fw7rq64grgugsr) | [Delegate Kava](https://restake.app/kava/kavavaloper1mrd5kqtq28p39wcrkm8tk8avtn57arrurxfah0) | [Delegate Desmos](https://restake.app/desmos/desmosvaloper1fkpnxtn4nvm27zkpyuvcz3rpa9rzxm70q4v8sn) | 
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|

|[Delegate Kyve](https://restake.app/kyve/kyvevaloper1ax4c40gn3s74xxm75g6cmts3fw7rq64gzgc27r) | [Delegate Vidulum](https://restake.app/vidulum/vdlvaloper1nuphu4p06dlgx2se0w58z5c7yv00r5gle0h5gs) | [Delegate Realio](https://restake.app/realio/realiovaloper1chee8l82uxqfduxr8x0pfrp9psl08cy4a20m0u) | 
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
  




# Webtop on Akash Network

</div>

___

Open [WEB interface](https://deploy.cloudmos.io/) `Cloudmos`.

Make sure you have **more than 6 AKT** on your balance and **certificate present** (if not, refer to [Cloudmos instructions](https://github.com/DecloudNodesLab/Guides/blob/main/English/Cloudmos.md)).

Next, press the `DEPLOY` button, select the empty `Empty` template and copy the content of [deploy.yml](https://github.com/DecloudNodesLab/Projects/blob/main/Software/Webtop/deploy.yml).

___

`Webtop` - **Alpine**, **Ubuntu**, **Fedora**, and **Arch** based containers containing full desktop environments in officially supported flavors accessible via any modern web browser.

Supported Architectures
We utilise the docker manifest for multi-platform awareness. More information is available from docker here and our announcement here.

Simply pulling lscr.io/linuxserver/webtop:latest should retrieve the correct image for your arch, but you can also pull specific arch images via tags.

### Version Tags

This image provides various versions that are available via tags. Please read the descriptions carefully and exercise caution when using unstable or development tags.

| Tag |	Available	| Description|
| :-----: | :-----: |  :-----: |   
|`latest`|✅| XFCE Alpine |
|`ubuntu-xfce`|	✅|	XFCE Ubuntu |
|`fedora-xfce`|	✅|	XFCE Fedora |
|`arch-xfce`|	✅|	XFCE Arch |
|`alpine-kde`|	✅|	KDE Alpine |
|`ubuntu-kde`|	✅|	KDE Ubuntu |
|`fedora-kde`|	✅	|KDE Fedora |
|`arch-kde`|	✅	|KDE Arch <br/>
|`alpine-mate`|	✅	|MATE Alpine <br/>
|`ubuntu-mate`|	✅|	MATE Ubuntu <br/>
|`fedora-mate`|	✅|	MATE Fedora <br/>
|`arch-mate`|	✅|	MATE Arch <br/>
|`alpine-i3`|	✅|	i3 Alpine <br/>
|`ubuntu-i3`|	✅	|i3 Ubuntu <br/>
|`fedora-i3`|	✅	|i3 Fedora <br/>
|`arch-i3`|	✅	|i3 Arch <br/>
|`alpine-openbox`|	✅|	Openbox Alpine <br/>
|`ubuntu-openbox`|	✅|	Openbox Ubuntu <br/>
|`fedora-openbox`|	✅|	Openbox Fedora <br/>
|`arch-openbox`|	✅|	Openbox Arch <br/>
|`alpine-icewm`|	✅|	IceWM Alpine <br/>
|`ubuntu-icewm`|	✅|	IceWM Ubuntu <br/>
|`fedora-icewm`|	✅|	IceWM Fedora <br/>
|`arch-icewm`|	✅|	IceWM Arch <br/> 

A detailed description of the contents of the image, its variables and settings is available at:

https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/webtop

___

Thank you for using **Akash Network**!
