monero/README.md, before:

# Why use Akash?

Welcome [xmrig](https://xmrig.com/) and [Monero](https://getmonero.org) miners! [Akash](https://akash.network) is a decentralized marketplace of compute with thousands of CPU's ready for small and large deployments.  xmrig mining can be deployed on the network successfully using this guide.  Akash is a part of the [Cosmos](https://cosmos.network/) ecosystem of blockchains.

# Windows/Linux/Mac Users

1. Install [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en) wallet as a browser plugin
2. Install [Akashlytics](https://akashlytics.com/deploy) and import your AKT wallet address from Keplr.
3. [Fund your wallet](#Quickest-way-to-get-more-AKT)

For additional help we recommend you [follow our full deployment guide](https://docs.akash.network/guides/deploy) in parallel with this guide.

# How does this work?
Akash uses its blockchain to manage your container deployment and accounting.  To deploy on Akash you will need to fund your wallet with at least 10 AKT (~$20)  Each time you create a deployment, 5 AKT will be used for escrow and to fund the deployment.  If the deployment is cancelled the balance of the escrow is returned to you.  You can spin up deployments without worrying about any long term contracts and you can cancel anytime.

# Default wallet
Akash uses [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en) as the desktop wallet.  Advanced users can follow the [CLI instructions](https://docs.akash.network/guides/cli)

# Quickest way to get more AKT
To fund your deployment you will need AKT in your account.  The fastest way to do that is as follows:

## Buy on an Exchange
1. Install [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en)
2. Buy AKT on an [exchange](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/akash-network#markets)
3. Withdraw your AKT to your Keplr wallet.

## Swap from `ATOM` to `AKT`
1. Install [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en)
2. Send 10 ATOM to your new Cosmos wallet address inside Keplr (this address will start with `cosmos`)
3. Goto [Osmosis Assets](https://app.osmosis.zone/assets) > next to `Cosmos Hub - ATOM` click on `Deposit`
   This step deposits ATOM from your Keplr wallet onto the Osmosis platform.
5. Now go back to [Osmosis Homepage](https://app.osmosis.zone/assets) and select `ATOM > AKT` to complete the swap
   This step swaps your ATOM you deposited onto the Osmosis platform into any other supported coin.
7. Return to the [Osmosis Assets](https://app.osmosis.zone/assets) page to withdraw your AKT to your Keplr wallet
   This step withdraws AKT from the Osmosis platform back into your Keplr wallet.  You can now send AKT to Akashlytics.

Have more questions? Find our team in [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/DxftX67) and [Telegram](https://t.me/AkashNW)

# Deploying on Akash

Once you have setup your Keplr wallet and imported the address to Akashlytics you are ready to create your first deployment.  Follow the instructions in Akashlytics to create a certificate, then click on `Create Deployment`

When prompted to `Choose Template` select `Empty` as we will copy-and-paste the deploy.yaml file from this repository.
Choose `Empty` for the template and paste the `deploy.yaml` file from this repository adjusting your wallet address and pool variables.
```
---
version: "2.0"

services:
  xmrig:
    image: cryptoandcoffee/akash-xmrig:1
    expose:
      - port: 8080
        as: 80
        proto: tcp
        to:
          - global: true
    env:
      - "ADDRESS=4AbG74FRUHYXBLkvqM1f7QH3UXGkhLetKdxS7U7BHkyfMF4nfx99GvN1REwYQHAeVLLy4Qa5gXXkfS4pSHHUWwdVFifDo5K"
      - "POOL=pool.hashvault.pro:80"
      - "RANDOMX_MODE=auto" #accepts auto-fast-light
      - "RANDOMX_1GB=true"
      - "TLS=true" #If supported by pool
      - "TLS_FINGERPRINT=420c7850e09b7c0bdcf748a7da9eb3647daf8515718f36d9ccfdd6b9ff834b14" #Can be blank
profiles:
  compute:
    xmrig:
      resources:
        cpu:
          units: 1.0
        memory:
          size: 1Gi
        storage:
          size: 1Gi
  placement:
    akash:
      pricing:
        xmrig:
          denom: uakt
          amount: 2
deployment:
  xmrig:
    akash:
      profile: xmrig
      count: 1
```

# Choosing a provider

Akash is a marketplace of compute.  Providers set their own prices for compute resources.  We recommend you try different providers and check your logs after deployment to determine the hashrate.

![AkashlyticsBids](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19512127/142057801-5091473e-a9c3-4994-9e13-f1b1b1658491.png)

# How to speed up mining?

## Configure xmrig options

The Akash version of xmrig comes with variables that can be added or removed to the deploy.yaml file to further configure the miner.

Here are all available variables:
```
POOL=
WALLET=
PASSWORD=
WORKER=
TLS=
TLS_FINGERPRINT=
ALGO=
DONATE_LEVEL=
RANDOMX_MODE=
RANDOMX_1GB=
```

## Default pools

The default pools are [Hashvault](https://monero.hashvault.pro/en/dashboard) and [MoneroOcean](https://moneroocean.stream/), if you input either address in the `POOL=` variable, the program will ping the nearest location when deploying for optimal latency.

## Changing the pool

We recommend you use Hashvault for a reliable pool, however if you need to change it feel free using the `POOL=` and configure `WALLET=` and `PASSWORD=`.

## Disabling TLS

If your pool does not support TLS it can be disabled by setting `TLS=false` and `TLS_FINGERPRINT=` in the deploy.yaml file.

## Increase the deployment size on Akash

You can deploy more CPU or more replicas to mine faster.


```
cpu:
  units: 1.0 # Max cpu units is 10

```

Or increase the replica count from `count: 1` to `count: 2`.

```
deployment:
  xmrig:
    akash:
      profile: xmrig
      count: 1 # Multiplier for cpu:units
```


### Check your miner's status

Just enter your deployment URI at http://workers.xmrig.info

### Check your miner's stats in the Hashvault pool

Enter your Monero address to see the stats at https://monero.hashvault.pro/en/dashboard

# Check your profitability

After your deployment has finished tuning or is displaying results on the pool you can check your profitability by inputing your hashrate from the log file.

[Minerstat profitability calculator](https://minerstat.com/coin/XMR)

# What is the best pool? Where do I solo mine?

We recommend you check MiningPoolStats for the most up-to-date list of mining pools.

[Mining Pool Stats](https://miningpoolstats.stream/monero)

# Additional guides

[How to mine Monero on Akash Network](https://nixaid.com/mine-monero-akash)

Commit message:

Updated Akashlytics to Cloudmos (#311)
* updated Akashlytics to Cloudmos

monero/README.md, after:

# Why use Akash?

Welcome [xmrig](https://xmrig.com/) and [Monero](https://getmonero.org) miners! [Akash](https://akash.network) is a decentralized marketplace of compute with thousands of CPU's ready for small and large deployments.  xmrig mining can be deployed on the network successfully using this guide.  Akash is a part of the [Cosmos](https://cosmos.network/) ecosystem of blockchains.

# Windows/Linux/Mac Users

1. Install [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en) wallet as a browser plugin
2. Install [Cloudmos](https://cloudmos.io/cloud-deploy) and import your AKT wallet address from Keplr.
3. [Fund your wallet](#Quickest-way-to-get-more-AKT)

For additional help we recommend you [follow our full deployment guide](https://docs.akash.network/guides/deploy) in parallel with this guide.

# How does this work?
Akash uses its blockchain to manage your container deployment and accounting.  To deploy on Akash you will need to fund your wallet with at least 10 AKT (~$20)  Each time you create a deployment, 5 AKT will be used for escrow and to fund the deployment.  If the deployment is cancelled the balance of the escrow is returned to you.  You can spin up deployments without worrying about any long term contracts and you can cancel anytime.

# Default wallet
Akash uses [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en) as the desktop wallet.  Advanced users can follow the [CLI instructions](https://docs.akash.network/guides/cli)

# Quickest way to get more AKT
To fund your deployment you will need AKT in your account.  The fastest way to do that is as follows:

## Buy on an Exchange
1. Install [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en)
2. Buy AKT on an [exchange](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/akash-network#markets)
3. Withdraw your AKT to your Keplr wallet.

## Swap from `ATOM` to `AKT`
1. Install [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en)
2. Send 10 ATOM to your new Cosmos wallet address inside Keplr (this address will start with `cosmos`)
3. Goto [Osmosis Assets](https://app.osmosis.zone/assets) > next to `Cosmos Hub - ATOM` click on `Deposit`
   This step deposits ATOM from your Keplr wallet onto the Osmosis platform.
5. Now go back to [Osmosis Homepage](https://app.osmosis.zone/assets) and select `ATOM > AKT` to complete the swap
   This step swaps your ATOM you deposited onto the Osmosis platform into any other supported coin.
7. Return to the [Osmosis Assets](https://app.osmosis.zone/assets) page to withdraw your AKT to your Keplr wallet
   This step withdraws AKT from the Osmosis platform back into your Keplr wallet.  You can now send AKT to Cloudmos.

Have more questions? Find our team in [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/DxftX67) and [Telegram](https://t.me/AkashNW)

# Deploying on Akash

Once you have setup your Keplr wallet and imported the address to Cloudmos you are ready to create your first deployment.  Follow the instructions in Cloudmos to create a certificate, then click on `Create Deployment`

When prompted to `Choose Template` select `Empty` as we will copy-and-paste the deploy.yaml file from this repository.
Choose `Empty` for the template and paste the `deploy.yaml` file from this repository adjusting your wallet address and pool variables.
```
---
version: "2.0"

services:
  xmrig:
    image: cryptoandcoffee/akash-xmrig:1
    expose:
      - port: 8080
        as: 80
        proto: tcp
        to:
          - global: true
    env:
      - "ADDRESS=4AbG74FRUHYXBLkvqM1f7QH3UXGkhLetKdxS7U7BHkyfMF4nfx99GvN1REwYQHAeVLLy4Qa5gXXkfS4pSHHUWwdVFifDo5K"
      - "POOL=pool.hashvault.pro:80"
      - "RANDOMX_MODE=auto" #accepts auto-fast-light
      - "RANDOMX_1GB=true"
      - "TLS=true" #If supported by pool
      - "TLS_FINGERPRINT=420c7850e09b7c0bdcf748a7da9eb3647daf8515718f36d9ccfdd6b9ff834b14" #Can be blank
profiles:
  compute:
    xmrig:
      resources:
        cpu:
          units: 1.0
        memory:
          size: 1Gi
        storage:
          size: 1Gi
  placement:
    akash:
      pricing:
        xmrig:
          denom: uakt
          amount: 2
deployment:
  xmrig:
    akash:
      profile: xmrig
      count: 1
```

# Choosing a provider

Akash is a marketplace of compute.  Providers set their own prices for compute resources.  We recommend you try different providers and check your logs after deployment to determine the hashrate.

![Cloudmos Bids](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19512127/142057801-5091473e-a9c3-4994-9e13-f1b1b1658491.png)

# How to speed up mining?

## Configure xmrig options

The Akash version of xmrig comes with variables that can be added or removed to the deploy.yaml file to further configure the miner.

Here are all available variables:
```
POOL=
WALLET=
PASSWORD=
WORKER=
TLS=
TLS_FINGERPRINT=
ALGO=
DONATE_LEVEL=
RANDOMX_MODE=
RANDOMX_1GB=
```

## Default pools

The default pools are [Hashvault](https://monero.hashvault.pro/en/dashboard) and [MoneroOcean](https://moneroocean.stream/), if you input either address in the `POOL=` variable, the program will ping the nearest location when deploying for optimal latency.

## Changing the pool

We recommend you use Hashvault for a reliable pool, however if you need to change it feel free using the `POOL=` and configure `WALLET=` and `PASSWORD=`.

## Disabling TLS

If your pool does not support TLS it can be disabled by setting `TLS=false` and `TLS_FINGERPRINT=` in the deploy.yaml file.

## Increase the deployment size on Akash

You can deploy more CPU or more replicas to mine faster.


```
cpu:
  units: 1.0 # Max cpu units is 10

```

Or increase the replica count from `count: 1` to `count: 2`.

```
deployment:
  xmrig:
    akash:
      profile: xmrig
      count: 1 # Multiplier for cpu:units
```


### Check your miner's status

Just enter your deployment URI at http://workers.xmrig.info

### Check your miner's stats in the Hashvault pool

Enter your Monero address to see the stats at https://monero.hashvault.pro/en/dashboard

# Check your profitability

After your deployment has finished tuning or is displaying results on the pool you can check your profitability by inputing your hashrate from the log file.

[Minerstat profitability calculator](https://minerstat.com/coin/XMR)

# What is the best pool? Where do I solo mine?

We recommend you check MiningPoolStats for the most up-to-date list of mining pools.

[Mining Pool Stats](https://miningpoolstats.stream/monero)

# Additional guides

[How to mine Monero on Akash Network](https://nixaid.com/mine-monero-akash)
