serge/README.md, before:

# Serge - LLaMa made easy 🦙

A chat interface based on `llama.cpp` for running Alpaca models. Entirely self-hosted, no API keys needed. Fits on 4GB of RAM and runs on the CPU.

- **SvelteKit** frontend
- **MongoDB** for storing chat history & parameters
- **FastAPI + beanie** for the API, wrapping calls to `llama.cpp`

[View Demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25119303/226897188-914a6662-8c26-472c-96bd-f51fc020abf6.webm)

## Models

Currently only the 7B, 713B and 30B alpaca models are supported. If you have existing weights from another project you can add them to the `serge_weights` volume using `docker cp`.

### :warning: A note on _memory usage_

llama will just crash if you don't have enough available memory for your model.

- 7B requires about 4.5GB of free RAM
- 13B requires about 12GB free
- 30B requires about 20GB free

### Compatible CPUS
Currently Serge requires a CPU compatible with AVX2 instructions. Try `lscpu | grep avx2` in a shell, and if this returns nothing then your CPU is incompatible for now.

## Support

Feel free to join the discord if you need help with the setup: [Discord](https://discord.gg/62Hc6FEYQH)

## Contributing

Serge is always open for contributions! If you catch a bug or have a feature idea, feel free to open an issue or a PR.

If you want to run Serge in development mode (with hot-module reloading for svelte & autoreload for FastAPI) you can do so like this:

```
git clone https://github.com/nsarrazin/serge.git
DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml up -d --build
```

You can test the production image with

```
DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker compose up -d --build
```

## What's next

- [x] Front-end to interface with the API
- [x] Pass model parameters when creating a chat
- [x] Manager for model files
- [ ] Support for other models
- [ ] LangChain integration
- [ ] User profiles & authentication

And a lot more!

Commit message:

A.I. - New Apps and Updates (#386)
* Add AI section

Add ai-chat-app to run self-hosted chatgpt.

* Add stable diffusion and ai-chat-app update

* Update README and deploy.yaml on ai-chat-app and sd

* Add ChatGPT screenshots

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Initial commit serge

* Add daila

* Add alpaca and gpt4all

* Fix image name

* Fix alpaca.cpp

* README updates

* Fix StableDiffusion

* auto-gpt

* ChatChat

* Readme update

* Cleanup

* Update defaults for ChatChat

* babyagi

* Add babyagi-ui and updates

* add Terminal GPT

* README fixes

* Cleanup README

Cleanup README

* Update ChatChat README.md

* Update Wordpress deploy.yaml

Use default wordpress image and mariadb

* Update Wordpress README.md

Redis is optional for Wordpress and requires the user to install a plugin after install to activate.  Using standard practice Wordpress + DB per Wordpress docker-compose.yml.

* Update Wordpress deploy.yaml

Implement MYSQL_RANDOM_ROOT_PASSWORD

* Add weaviate vector db

* auto-gpt always up-to-date

* Update Serge to latest Dockerfile

* Update Serge

- Use latest Dockerfile
- Include version number in image
- Update README
- Update deploy.yaml with better instructions

* Update .env and entrypoint for auto-gpt

* Add Supabase

* Finalize auto-gpt updates

* Supabase not ready

* Add Flowise

* Add GPU support for Weaviate

serge/README.md, after:

# Serge - LLaMA made easy 🦙

A chat interface based on [llama.cpp](https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp) for running Alpaca models. Entirely self-hosted, no API keys needed. Fits on 4GB of RAM and runs on the CPU.

- **SvelteKit** frontend
- **Redis** for storing chat history & parameters
- **FastAPI + langchain** for the API, wrapping calls to [llama.cpp](https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp) using the [python bindings](https://github.com/abetlen/llama-cpp-python)

[demo.webm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25119303/226897188-914a6662-8c26-472c-96bd-f51fc020abf6.webm)

## Getting started

Deploy and click the URI in Cloudmos.

The API documentation can be found at http://localhost:8008/api/docs

## Models

Currently the following models are supported:

- GPT4-Alpaca-LoRA-30B
- Alpaca-LoRA-65B
- OpenAssistant-30B
- GPT4All-13B
- Stable-Vicuna-13B
- Guanaco-7B
- Guanaco-13B
- Guanaco-33B
- Guanaco-65B

If you have existing weights from another project you can add them to the `serge_weights` volume using `docker cp`.

### :warning: A note on _memory usage_

LLaMA will just crash if you don't have enough available memory for your model.

- 7B requires about 4.5GB of free RAM
- 13B requires about 12GB free
- 30B requires about 20GB free


## Support

Feel free to join the discord if you need help with the setup: https://discord.gg/62Hc6FEYQH

## Contributing

Serge is always open for contributions! If you catch a bug or have a feature idea, feel free to open an issue or a PR.

## What's next

- [x] Front-end to interface with the API
- [x] Pass model parameters when creating a chat
- [x] Manager for model files
- [ ] Support for other models
- [ ] LangChain integration
- [ ] User profiles & authentication

And a lot more!
