AUTOMATIC1111/README.md, before:

## AUTOMATIC1111 on Akash Network

___

AUTOMATIC1111 is a user interface for working with graphics AI.

The default deployment is set to the stable-diffusion **2.1** :

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/113c64e3-3ccf-4b4f-b606-16c2ddaaff23)

Also, after deployment, you can use the command line to upload additional models to the `/stable-diffusion-webui/models/Stable-diffusion` folder.
Open shell tab and past command ```wget -O /stable-diffusion-webui/models/Stable-diffusion/<NAME_MODEL>.safetensors <LINK_TO_MODEL>```, example:

`wget -O /stable-diffusion-webui/models/Stable-diffusion/epiCRealism.safetensors https://civitai.com/api/download/models/67990`

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/7cc7aa13-45f4-4518-ba19-96aa0a6d8119)

Then go to web interface AUTOMATIC1111 and click on refresh:

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/994d2720-f927-438e-9059-6c350f600788)

And you can select dowloaded models:

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/5e5d481e-592e-49b6-91c8-76f655867321)

enjoy!

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/d82abe7f-10a1-442d-b6e4-0498107e1e0f)

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/360a5c4c-9ab9-453d-8058-63b9b285a79d)

Commit message:

Update Automatic1111 template. (#531)
* Create README.md

* Create deploy.yaml

* Create run.sh

* Create Dockerfile

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Rename deploy.yaml to deploy.yml

* Update README.md

* Update deploy.yml

* Update README.md

* Update Dockerfile

* Update deploy.yaml

* Update Dockerfile

* Update and rename entrypoint.sh to run.sh

* Create model

download model script

* Update README.md

AUTOMATIC1111/README.md, after:

## AUTOMATIC1111 on Akash Network

___

**AUTOMATIC1111** is a user interface for working with graphics AI.

The default deployment is set to the stable-diffusion **1.5** :

![image](https://github.com/DecloudNodesLab/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/c241e2c3-e248-43da-9c7b-42102d45c60b)

Set `LINK_MODEL` varriable in SDL, for a download another model. Example:

![image](https://github.com/DecloudNodesLab/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/31233e0b-bdc5-4baf-a732-ff783f1c0d65)

Also, after deployment, you can use the `SHELL` tab [Akash Console](https://console.akash.network) to upload additional models, to the `/stable-diffusion-webui/models/Stable-diffusion` folder.

Open shell tab and past command ```bash model LINK_TO_MODEL```, example:

`bash model https://civitai.com/api/download/models/67990`

![image](https://github.com/DecloudNodesLab/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/04f8d40c-e260-4063-92a0-e3bb865e0034)

Then go to web interface **AUTOMATIC1111** and click on refresh icon :

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/994d2720-f927-438e-9059-6c350f600788)

And you can select dowloaded models:

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/5e5d481e-592e-49b6-91c8-76f655867321)

Enjoy!

![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/d82abe7f-10a1-442d-b6e4-0498107e1e0f)


![image](https://github.com/Dimokus88/awesome-akash/assets/23629420/360a5c4c-9ab9-453d-8058-63b9b285a79d)

___

## Credits
Licenses for borrowed code can be found in `Settings -> Licenses` screen, and also in `html/licenses.html` file.

- Automatic1111 - https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui
- Stable Diffusion - https://github.com/Stability-AI/stablediffusion, https://github.com/CompVis/taming-transformers
