xmrig/README.md, before:

# Why use Akash?

Welcome [xmrig](https://xmrig.com/) and [Monero](https://getmonero.org) miners! [Akash](https://akash.network) is a decentralized marketplace of compute with thousands of CPU's ready for small and large deployments.  xmrig mining can be deployed on the network successfully using this guide.  Akash is a part of the [Cosmos](https://cosmos.network/) ecosystem of blockchains.

# How to speed up mining?

The biggest factor to control speed of mining is using RANDOMX_MODE=fast or RANDOMX_MODE=light.

Set `RANDOMX_MODE=fast` to maximize your speed and use the most amount of resources possible / highest price.
Requires at least 3Gi of Memory for providers with = 1 NUMA node.
Requires at least 4.75Gi of Memory for providers with > 1 NUMA node.

Set `RANDOMX_MODE=light` to use the smallest amount of resources / lowest price.
Requires at least 0.1Gi of Memory for all providers.

## Configure xmrig options

The Akash version of xmrig comes with variables that can be added or removed to the deploy.yaml file to further configure the miner.

Here are all available variables:
```
POOL=
WALLET=
PASS=x
WORKER=
TLS=
TLS_FINGERPRINT=
ALGO=
DONATE_LEVEL=
RANDOMX_MODE=
CUSTOM_OPTIONS=
```

## Default pools

The default pool is [MoneroOcean](moneroocean.stream/).  
Input your Monero wallet address in the `WALLET=` variable.

You can also set `POOL=herominers` or `POOL=hashvault`.  This will attempt to auto-select the nearest pool to your deployment.

## Solo mining

To enable solo mining use `POOL=herominers` and `WALLET=solo:yourmoneroaddress`. This will attempt to auto-select the nearest Herominers pool to your deployment.

If you know the location of the provider, please manually define the `POOL=`

Central Europe (Germany ): de.monero.herominers.com:1111
Northern Europe (Finland ): fi.monero.herominers.com:1111
Eastern Europe (Russia ): ru.monero.herominers.com:1111
North America - East (Canada ): ca.monero.herominers.com:1111
North America - West (USA ): us.monero.herominers.com:1111
North America - East (USA ): us2.monero.herominers.com:1111
South America (Brazil ): br.monero.herominers.com:1111
Asia (HongKong ): hk.monero.herominers.com:1111
Asia (South Korea ): kr.monero.herominers.com:1111
South Asia (India ): in.monero.herominers.com:1111
SouthEast Asia (Singapore ): sg.monero.herominers.com:1111
Western Asia (Turkey ): tr.monero.herominers.com:1111
Oceania (Australia ): au.monero.herominers.com:1111

## Changing the pool

We recommend you use HeroMiners for a reliable pool, however if you need to change it feel free using the `POOL=` and configure `WALLET=` and `PASSWORD=`.

## Disabling TLS

If your pool does not support TLS it can be disabled by setting `TLS=false` and `TLS_FINGERPRINT=` in the deploy.yaml file.

## Increase the deployment size on Akash

You can deploy more CPU or more replicas to mine faster.


```
cpu:
  units: 1.0 # Max cpu units is 256
```

Or increase the replica count from `count: 1` to `count: 2`.

```
deployment:
  xmrig:
    akash:
      profile: xmrig
      count: 1 # Multiplier for cpu:units
```


### Check your miner's status

Just enter your deployment URI at http://workers.xmrig.info

### Check your miner's stats in the Hashvault pool

Enter your Monero address to see the stats at https://monero.hashvault.pro/en/dashboard

# Check your profitability

After your deployment has finished tuning or is displaying results on the pool you can check your profitability by inputing your hashrate from the log file.

[Minerstat profitability calculator](https://minerstat.com/coin/XMR)

# What is the best pool? Where do I solo mine?

We recommend you check MiningPoolStats for the most up-to-date list of mining pools.

[Mining Pool Stats](https://miningpoolstats.stream/monero)

# Additional guides

[How to mine Monero on Akash Network](https://nixaid.com/mine-monero-akash)

Commit message:

Miner Updates (#466)
* Update Wordpress deploy.yaml

Use default wordpress image and mariadb

* Update Wordpress README.md

Redis is optional for Wordpress and requires the user to install a plugin after install to activate.  Using standard practice Wordpress + DB per Wordpress docker-compose.yml.

* Update Wordpress deploy.yaml

Implement MYSQL_RANDOM_ROOT_PASSWORD

* Add new GPU Miners

t-rex-c11
gminer-c11
srbminer-c11
wildrig-c11
rainbowminer-c11
lolminer-c11

* Add moneroocean-gpu auto switching

* Add bzminer and rigel miner

* onzerominer

* Update setup.json

* Update Dockerfile

* Update run.sh

* Update Dockerfile

* Update deploy.yaml

* Update setup.json

* Rainbowminer GPU ready

* Cleanup

* Add updater

* lolminer update

* Updates

* Add miners to README

* README and other updates

* README update srbminer

* Fix srbminer readme

* Update README for Mainnet

* Remove update miners

* Add nbminer, nanominer, xmrig nvidia, bminer, and moneroocean-c11

* xmrig finalized

* Finalize nanominer, nbminer, xmrig

* Fix worker nanominer

* xmrig-moneroocean gpu working ! needs finalization

* xmrig-c11 fix

* Finalize moneroocean-c11 and all miners - add bminer and cryptodredge.

* Update RainbowMiner name

* Fix README

* Stop Verthash download

* Update honeygain, presearch, traffmonetizer versions.

* Update Presearch settings

* Remove peer2profit

Dead.

* Update yaml with storage

* Bump Presearch version

* Bump Presearch node version

* Cleanup gminer and xmrig

* Update defaults

- bminer etc pool
- xmrig add provider check optional and update

* Default t-rex

* Xmrig version bump

* Update xmrig-c11

* Revert "Update xmrig-c11"

This reverts commit a83a4a2b0ad8a4fc0cdcb1a0f1c5f391ad54641f.

* Bump honeygain version

xmrig/README.md, after:

# Why use Akash?

Welcome [xmrig](https://xmrig.com/) and [Monero](https://getmonero.org) miners! [Akash](https://akash.network) is a decentralized marketplace of compute with thousands of CPU's ready for small and large deployments.  xmrig mining can be deployed on the network successfully using this guide.  Akash is a part of the [Cosmos](https://cosmos.network/) ecosystem of blockchains.

# How to speed up mining?

The biggest factor to control speed of mining is using RANDOMX_MODE=fast or RANDOMX_MODE=light.

Set `RANDOMX_MODE=fast` to maximize your speed and use the most amount of resources possible / highest price.
Requires at least 3Gi of Memory for providers with = 1 NUMA node.
Requires at least 4.75Gi of Memory for providers with > 1 NUMA node.

Set `RANDOMX_MODE=light` to use the smallest amount of resources / lowest price.
Requires at least 0.1Gi of Memory for all providers.


## Configure xmrig options

The Akash version of xmrig comes with variables that can be added or removed to the deploy.yaml file to further configure the miner.

Here are all available variables:
```
ALGO=
POOL=
WALLET=
WORKER=
PASS=
TLS=
TLS_FINGERPRINT=
DONATE_LEVEL=
RANDOMX_MODE=
CUSTOM_OPTIONS=
AKASH_PROVIDER_STARTUP_CHECK=
```

## Default pools

The default pool is [MoneroOcean](moneroocean.stream/).  
Input your Monero wallet address in the `WALLET=` variable.

## Changing the pool

We recommend you use MoneroOcean for a reliable pool, however if you need to change it feel free using the `POOL=` and configure `WALLET=` and `PASSWORD=`.

## Disabling TLS

If your pool does not support TLS it can be disabled by setting `TLS=false` and `TLS_FINGERPRINT=` in the deploy.yaml file.

## Startup checks

Enabling startup checks ensures that your deployment has the required CPU, memory, and configuration settings. It verifies resource availability and compatibility with the specified mining mode, optimizing performance and stability.
When startup check is set to false, mining will not be optimized as thread and core counts recognized by Xmrig will not bre precise.

## Tiny deployments (<1 CPU)

You must set `AKASH_PROVIDER_STARTUP_CHECK=false` to and `RANDOMX_MODE=light` to deploy the smallest containers possible.

## Increase the number of containers per deployment

You can deploy more CPU or more replicas to mine faster.

```
cpu:
  units: 1.0 # Max cpu units is 256
```

Or increase the replica count from `count: 1` to `count: 2`.

```
deployment:
  xmrig:
    akash:
      profile: xmrig
      count: 1 # Multiplier for cpu:units
```


### Check your miner's status

Just enter your deployment URI at http://workers.xmrig.info

### Check your miner's stats in the Hashvault pool

Enter your Monero address to see the stats at https://monero.hashvault.pro/en/dashboard

# Check your profitability

After your deployment has finished tuning or is displaying results on the pool you can check your profitability by inputing your hashrate from the log file.

[Minerstat profitability calculator](https://minerstat.com/coin/XMR)

# What is the best pool? Where do I solo mine?

We recommend you check MiningPoolStats for the most up-to-date list of mining pools.

[Mining Pool Stats](https://miningpoolstats.stream/monero)

# Additional guides

[How to mine Monero on Akash Network](https://nixaid.com/mine-monero-akash)
