mariadb/README.md, before:

MariaDB
=======

MariaDB Server is one of the most popular open source relational databases. It’s made by the original developers of MySQL and guaranteed to stay open source. It is part of most cloud offerings and the default in most Linux distributions.

It is built upon the values of performance, stability, and openness, and MariaDB Foundation ensures contributions will be accepted on technical merit. Recent new functionality includes advanced clustering with Galera Cluster 4, compatibility features with Oracle Database and Temporal Data Tables, allowing one to query the data as it stood at any point in the past.

https://mariadb.org/

## Mariadb vs MySQL

> MariaDB is more scalable and offers a higher query speed when compared to MySQL. This makes it good for managing large-sized data. You will also find more features in MariaDB that MySQL doesn't have, like sequence storage engines and virtual columns. You can also use multiple engines in one table.

[AWS - MariaDB vs MySQL](https://aws.amazon.com/compare/the-difference-between-mariadb-vs-mysql/#:~:text=MariaDB%20is%20more%20scalable%20and,multiple%20engines%20in%20one%20table)

Commit message:

chore: more hints and tips

mariadb/README.md, after:

MariaDB
=======

MariaDB Server is one of the most popular open source relational databases. It’s made by the original developers of MySQL and guaranteed to stay open source. It is part of most cloud offerings and the default in most Linux distributions.

It is built upon the values of performance, stability, and openness, and MariaDB Foundation ensures contributions will be accepted on technical merit. Recent new functionality includes advanced clustering with Galera Cluster 4, compatibility features with Oracle Database and Temporal Data Tables, allowing one to query the data as it stood at any point in the past.

https://mariadb.org/

## Docker image

https://hub.docker.com/_/mariadb it's the official docker image we are using.

For more environment options and versions please check their documentation.

## Mariadb vs MySQL

> MariaDB is more scalable and offers a higher query speed when compared to MySQL. This makes it good for managing large-sized data. You will also find more features in MariaDB that MySQL doesn't have, like sequence storage engines and virtual columns. You can also use multiple engines in one table.

[AWS - MariaDB vs MySQL](https://aws.amazon.com/compare/the-difference-between-mariadb-vs-mysql/#:~:text=MariaDB%20is%20more%20scalable%20and,multiple%20engines%20in%20one%20table)
